extensions/intellij/README.md, before:

<!-- Plugin description -->

<h1 align="center">Continue</h1>

<div align="center">

[**Continue**](https://docs.continue.dev) enables developers to create, share, and use custom AI code assistants with our open-source [JetBrains extension](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/22707-continue-extension) and [hub of models, rules, prompts, docs, and other building blocks](https://hub.continue.dev).

</div>

<div align="center">

## Chat

[Chat](https://continue.dev/docs/chat/how-to-use-it) makes it easy to ask for help from an LLM without needing to leave the IDE.

You send it a task, including any relevant information, and it replies with the text / code most likely to complete the task. If it does not give you what you want, then you can send follow up messages to clarify and adjust its approach until the task is completed.

## Autocomplete

[Autocomplete](https://continue.dev/docs/autocomplete/how-to-use-it) provides inline code suggestions as you type.

To enable it, simply click the "Continue" button in the status bar at the bottom right of your IDE or ensure the "Enable Tab Autocomplete" option is checked in your IDE settings.

## Edit

[Edit](https://continue.dev/docs/edit/how-to-use-it) is a convenient way to modify code without leaving your current file.

Highlight a block of code, describe your code changes, and a diff will be streamed inline to your file which you can accept or reject.

## Agent

[Agent](https://continue.dev/docs/agent/how-to-use-it) enables you to make more substantial changes to your codebase

Agent equips the Chat model with the tools needed to handle a wide range of coding tasks, allowing the model to make decisions and save you the work of manually finding context and performing actions.

</div>

## License

[Apache 2.0 © 2023-2025 Continue Dev, Inc.](./LICENSE)

<!-- Plugin description end -->

Commit message:

feat(kirovsx): add Kiro UI (left panel), tasks system, Flow 1-2-3 composition, rules injection; update chat UI with quick cards and tasks strip

extensions/intellij/README.md, after:

<div align="center">

![Continue logo](media/readme.png)

</div>

<h1 align="center">KiroVSX</h1>

<div align="center">

**[KiroVSX](https://github.com/hscale/kirovsx) is an AI code assistant enhanced with Kiro methodology, built on Continue's architecture.
It provides progressive context building, institutional memory, and smart task management for developers.
Fork of Continue Dev with Kiro methodology integration.**

</div>

<div align="center">

<a target="_blank" href="https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0" style="background:none">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache_2.0-blue.svg" style="height: 22px;" />
</a>

## 🚀 KiroVSX Features

### 📋 Progressive Context Building

KiroVSX implements Kiro's methodology with progressive context building through phases:

- **Requirements Phase**: Define what needs to be built
- **Design Phase**: Architect how it will be built
- **Tasks Phase**: Break down implementation steps

### 🧠 Institutional Memory

Enhanced with Kiro's steering system for maintaining project knowledge:

- **Steering Rules**: Project-specific guidelines and standards
- **Context Injection**: Automatic context awareness in AI conversations
- **Smart Rule Selection**: AI-powered selection of relevant institutional knowledge

### ⚡ Smart Task Management

- **Auto-generated Task Buttons**: Convert markdown tasks to executable actions
- **Task Queue**: Intelligent task prioritization and execution
- **Hook System**: Event-driven automation with natural language configuration

## Contributing

See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for information on how to contribute to the project.

## License

[Apache 2.0 © 2023-2024 Continue Dev, Inc.](./LICENSE)
